yourself.'
yourself!'
yours."'
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
your pocket?' he went on, turning to Alice.
your equipment.
your cat grins like that?'
your Majesty?' he asked.
you,' (she might well say this), 'to go on crying in this way! Stop this
you, and must know better'; and this Alice would not allow without
you're changed, do you?'
you'd better ask HER about it.'
you throw them, and it'll sit up and beg for its dinner, and all sorts
you speak?'
you seen the Mock Turtle yet?'
you ought to tell me who YOU are, first.'
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter day, I will tell
you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o'clock in
you know.'
you know--'
you know, and he says it's so useful, it's worth a hundred pounds! He
you know!'
you how the Dodo managed it.)
you executed on the spot.'
you can find it.' And she squeezed herself up closer to Alice's side as
you ARE a simpleton.'
yet.'
yet--it's rather curious, you know, this sort of life! I do wonder what
yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!'
year it is?'
wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and
wrong, and she went on in a trembling voice:--
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would
would change to dull reality--the grass would be only rustling in the
would be offended again.
would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh, how I wish I could
worse. You MUST have meant some mischief, or else you'd have signed your
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.
works.
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
words all coming different, and then the Mock Turtle drew a long breath,
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
wood--(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery:
wood for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped out the
wondering very much what would happen next.
wondering if anything would EVER happen in a natural way again.
wonderful Adventures, till she too began dreaming after a fashion, and
wonder what they WILL do next! If they had any sense, they'd take the
won't, then!--Bill's to go down--Here, Bill! the master says you're to
won't talk about cats or dogs either, if you don't like them!' When the
witness.' And he added in an undertone to the Queen, 'Really, my dear,
without even waiting to put his shoes on.
without attending to her, 'if we had the door between us. For instance,
without a cat! It's the most curious thing I ever saw in my life!'
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
with the words 'DRINK ME,' but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with
with such a puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out
with such a neck as that! No, no! You're a serpent; and there's no use
with sobs, to sing this:--
with one eye; 'I seem to see some meaning in them, after all. "--SAID
with his tea spoon at the March Hare,) '--it was at the great concert
with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens, and among
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
with a smile. There was a dead silence.
wish I'd gone to see the Hatter instead!'
wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.'
window, and some of them hit her in the face. 'I'll put a stop to this,'
window!'
wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the reeds--the rattling
will be renamed.
wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he did it,) he did
why did they live at the bottom of a well?'
who will put on your shoes and stockings for you now, dears? I'm sure
who turned pale and fidgeted.
who of course had to leave off being arches to do this, so that by
who I WAS when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been
whiskers!'
while all the rest were quite silent, and looked very uncomfortable.
which word sounded best.
which wasn't much.
which the wretched Hatter trembled so, that he shook both his shoes off.
which the March Hare was said to live. 'I've seen hatters before,' she
which produced another dead silence.
whether you're a little girl or a serpent?'
whether it would like the name: however, it only grinned a little wider.
whether it was her turn or not. So she went in search of her hedgehog.
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
when they had been running half an hour or so, and were quite dry again,
when I learn music.'
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
what work it would make with the day and night! You see the earth takes
what they're about!'
what they said.
what a wonderful dream it had been.
what I should be like then?' And she tried to fancy what the flame of a
were nowhere to be found: all she could see, when she looked down, was
were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying on their
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach
well.
well without--Maybe it's always pepper that makes people hot-tempered,'
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
way?', holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way it was
way. So they got their tails fast in their mouths. So they couldn't get
way, and the whole party swam to the shore.
way, 'Prizes! Prizes!'
way through the wood. 'It's the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in all
way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but
washing her face--and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she's
wash off in the sea. But they HAVE their tails in their mouths; and the
was,' he said.
was, 'Why is a raven like a writing-desk?'
was trying to fix on one, the cook took the cauldron of soup off the
was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know.
was the first sentence in her French lesson-book. The Mouse gave a
was talking.
was so large a house, that she did not like to go nearer till she had
was sneezing on the Duchess's knee, while plates and dishes crashed
was over, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight: 'but it doesn't
was on the top of it.
was not even room for this, and she tried the effect of lying down with
was not a VERY good opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there
was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to say it over)
was nine feet high.
was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, 'Oh my ears
was beating her violently with its wings.
was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it: they looked so good,
was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further:
wag my tail when I'm angry. Therefore I'm mad.'
voice, 'Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a
very soon found an opportunity of taking it away. She did it so quickly
very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at him as he spoke.
very queer indeed:--
very little! Besides, SHE'S she, and I'm I, and--oh dear, how puzzling
very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every
very glad that it was over at last: 'and I do so like that curious song
verse.'
verdict,' he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.
vanishing so suddenly: you make one quite giddy.'
used--and I don't keep the same size for ten minutes together!'
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
use their putting their heads down and saying "Come up again, dear!" I
us all about it!'
upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there
upset, and their slates and pencils had been found and handed back to
up.'
up into hers--she could hear the very tones of her voice, and see that
up at the mouth with strings: into this they slipped the guinea-pig,
up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.
unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:--
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
understand you,' she said, as politely as she could.
under sentence of execution.
uncommon nonsense.'
uncomfortably sharp chin. However, she did not like to be rude, so she
uncomfortable for the Dormouse,' thought Alice; 'only, as it's asleep, I
uglifying!' it exclaimed. 'You know what to beautify is, I suppose?'
two.
two sobs choked his voice. 'Same as if he had a bone in his throat,'
two reasons. First, because I'm on the same side of the door as you
twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right
twinkle, twinkle, twinkle--' and went on so long that they had to pinch
twenty-four hours to turn round on its axis--'
twentieth time that day.
turning to the rose-tree, she went on, 'What HAVE you been doing here?'
turned to the Mock Turtle, and said 'What else had you to learn?'
turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found
turned out, and, by the time they had settled down again, the cook had
trouble, you know, as we needn't try to find any. And yet I don't know,'
tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that her
tried to beat them off, and found herself lying on the bank, with her
trial done,' she thought, 'and hand round the refreshments!' But there
trembling voice, 'Let us get to the shore, and then I'll tell you my
tree a few yards off.
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
too.'
too much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to the
tone; 'at least there's no room to grow up any more HERE.'
tone: 'tell her something about the games now.'
tone. 'The Queen will hear you! You see, she came rather late, and the
tone. 'Nobody seems to like her, down here, and I'm sure she's the best
tone, 'I'm afraid I've offended it again!' For the Mouse was swimming
told me he was going a journey, I should say "With what porpoise?"'
together first--they don't reach half high enough yet--Oh! they'll
to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.
to the door.
to the dance. So they got thrown out to sea. So they had to fall a long
to the company generally, 'You are all pardoned.' 'Come, THAT'S a good
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
to the Mock Turtle, 'Drive on, old fellow! Don't be all day about it!'
to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field
to suit them!'
to some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to the Dormouse, and
to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble, looking as solemn as she
to say!'
to say which), and they went on for some while in silence.
to repeat it, when a cry of 'The trial's beginning!' was heard in the
to play croquet.' The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn tone,
to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the
to make out which were the two sides of it; and as it was perfectly
to keep herself from being run over; and the moment she appeared on the
to himself in an undertone,
to herself; 'I should think it would be QUITE as much use in the trial
to herself, 'whenever I eat or drink anything; so I'll just see what
to herself, 'it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes
to herself, 'if one only knew the right way to change them--' when she
to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had made her so
to her lips. 'I know SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen,' she said
to go! Let me see: I'll give them a new pair of boots every Christmas.'
to find her way out. 'I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by
to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the
to dive in among the leaves, which she found to be nothing but the tops
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
to be, from one minute to another! However, I've got back to my right
to be done, I wonder?' As she said this, she came suddenly upon an open
to ask.
to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if she had
to Alice for protection.
to Alice as it spoke.
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
tittered audibly.
tiptoe, put his mouth close to her ear, and whispered 'She's under
time.) 'You're nothing but a pack of cards!'
time,' she said, 'than waste it in asking riddles that have no answers.'
time the Queen was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
time she found a little bottle on it, ('which certainly was not here
time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and
time for dinner!'
till the puppy's bark sounded quite faint in the distance.
till she heard a little animal (she couldn't guess of what sort it was)
till I'm somebody else"--but, oh dear!' cried Alice, with a sudden burst
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
through the little door into that lovely garden. First, however, she
through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) 'And what an
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you see, Alice had learnt several
thought: still it had VERY long claws and a great many teeth, so she
thought the poor child, 'for I never was so small as this before, never!
thought over all she could remember about ravens and writing-desks,
thought Alice; 'I might as well be at school at once.' However, she
thought Alice, 'they're sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn't it be
though), 'I won't have any pepper in my kitchen AT ALL. Soup does very
though still sobbing a little now and then, 'we went to school in the
those roses?'
those long words, and, what's more, I don't believe you do either!' And
those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head through the
this was her dream:--
this last word two or three times over to herself, being rather proud of
this creature when I get it home?' when it grunted again, so violently,
this bottle does. I do hope it'll make me grow large again, for really
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
thinking of?'
think--'
think,' Alice went on, 'that they'd let Dinah stop in the house if it
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well--eh, stupid?'
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me at
things--everything that begins with an M--'
things--' when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as she stood watching
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this
things happening. While she was looking at the place where it had been,
things are "much of a muchness"--did you ever see such a thing as a
thing,' Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about in the
thing!' she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the
thing!' said the Queen, 'and take this young lady to see the Mock
thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I think that will be
thing before, and he wasn't going to begin at HIS time of life.
thimble'; and, when it had finished this short speech, they all cheered.
they would die.
they walked off together.
they pinched it on both sides at once.
they lived at the bottom of a well--'
they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of goldfish
there,' thought Alice, 'it'll never do to come upon them THIS size: why,
there was silence for some minutes.
there was a body to cut it off from: that he had never had to do such a
there WAS no one listening, this time, as it didn't sound at all the
then--always to have lessons to learn! Oh, I shouldn't like THAT!'
then, when you've cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way--'
then treading on her toes when they passed too close, and waving their
then the Rabbit's voice along--'Catch him, you by the hedge!' then
then she walked down the little passage: and THEN--she found herself at
then a voice she had never heard before, 'Sure then I'm here! Digging
themselves."'
themselves flat upon their faces. There was a sound of many footsteps,
them, they set to work very diligently to write out a history of the
them, and he checked himself suddenly: the others looked round also, and
them say, 'Look out now, Five! Don't go splashing paint over me like
them out again. That's all.'
them even when they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already,
them bitter--and--and barley-sugar and such things that make children
them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a hurried
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
their own business!'
their mouths--and they're all over crumbs.'
their heads downward! The Antipathies, I think--' (she was rather glad
their eyes and mouths so VERY wide, but she gained courage as she went
the works!' he added looking angrily at the March Hare.
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
the whole she thought it would be quite as safe to stay with it as to go
the verses to himself: '"WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--" that's the jury, of
the two creatures got so close to her, one on each side, and opened
the trees, a little sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a
the three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and feet at the
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
the temper of your flamingo. Shall I try the experiment?'
the teapot.
the subjects on his flappers, '--Mystery, ancient and modern, with
the sky! Ugh, Serpent!'
the simple rules their friends had taught them: such as, that a red-hot
the sea.'
the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came
the royal children, and everybody else.
the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment she felt a violent
the question, and they repeated their arguments to her, though, as they
the puppy began a series of short charges at the stick, running a very
the poor animal's feelings. 'I quite forgot you didn't like cats.'
the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door,
the pool as it went.
the place of the March Hare. The Hatter was the only one who got any
the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable--"'
the other players, and shouting 'Off with his head!' or 'Off with her
the officers of the court. (As that is rather a hard word, I will just
the number of changes she had gone through that day.
the name of nearly everything there. 'That's the judge,' she said to
the morning, just time to begin lessons: you'd only have to whisper a
the moral of that is--"The more there is of mine, the less there is of
the moral of that is--"Birds of a feather flock together."'
the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire, stirring
the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double themselves
the m--'
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into
the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to
the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.
the goldfish kept running in her head, and she had a vague sort of idea
the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that
the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who were all talking at once,
the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and all the
the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him: and even Stigand,
the door, she ran out of the house, and found quite a crowd of little
the door opened inwards, and Alice's elbow was pressed hard against it,
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
the court; but on second thoughts she decided to remain where she was as
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
the conversation a little.
the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.'
the best plan.'
the back. At last the Mock Turtle recovered his voice, and, with tears
the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing howled so,
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
the White Rabbit read out, at the top of his shrill little voice, the
the Rabbit coming to look for her, and she trembled till she shook the
the Queen, who was passing at the moment, 'My dear! I wish you would
the Mouse's tail; 'but why do you call it sad?' And she kept on puzzling
the March Hare.
the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing was waving its
the Gryphon. Alice did not quite like the look of the creature, but on
the Gryphon added 'Come, let's hear some of YOUR adventures.'
the Eaglet bent down its head to hide a smile: some of the other birds
the Duchess said after a pause: 'the reason is, that I'm doubtful about
the Duchess and the baby--the fire-irons came first; then followed a
the Dodo suddenly called out 'The race is over!' and they all crowded
the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was soon submitted
that--only the March Hare said--'
that!'
that was sitting on the top with its arms folded, quietly smoking a long
that used to come once a week: HE taught us Drawling, Stretching, and
that they must be collected at once and put back into the jury-box, or
that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she
that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out
that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
that the Queen was close behind her, listening: so she went on,
that she looked down into its face in some alarm. This time there could
that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little white kid gloves while
that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not think of anything
that it was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.
that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them--'I wish they'd get the
that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting on
that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and
that cats COULD grin.'
that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself 'Then I'll
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
that all the jurors were writing down 'stupid things!' on their slates,
that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really
that Alice could hardly hear the words:--
that "I see what I eat" is the same thing as "I eat what I see"!'
that
than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise."'
than no time she'd have everybody executed, all round. (It was this last
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in
tell what o'clock it is!'
tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?'
telescope.'
tears.
tears, until there was a large pool all round her, about four inches
teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the Queen's shrill
tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are no
tea-things are put out here?' she asked.
talking in his sleep, 'that "I breathe when I sleep" is the same thing
talking again. 'Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I should think!'
take more.'
take me for a dunce? Go on!'
take a fancy to cats if you could only see her. She is such a dear quiet
tail. 'As if I would talk on such a subject! Our family always HATED
tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move. She soon got
sweet-tempered. I only wish people knew that: then they wouldn't be so
surprised he'll be when he finds out who I am! But I'd better take him
sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dry very soon.
sure I don't want to stay in here any longer!'
suppose it doesn't mind.'
suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great
sudden leap out of the water, and seemed to quiver all over with fright.
sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence; 'and
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
such a capital one for catching mice--oh, I beg your pardon!' cried
succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
stretched her arms round it as far as they would go, and broke off a bit
straightening itself out again, so that altogether, for the first minute
stingy about it, you know--'
stiff. And the Gryphon never learnt it.'
stays the same year for such a long time together.'
status with the IRS.
state of mind, she turned away.
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
startled when she heard her voice close to her ear. 'You're thinking
standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
speaking to it,' she thought, 'till its ears have come, or at least one
sort of way, 'Do cats eat bats? Do cats eat bats?' and sometimes, 'Do
sort of way to fly up into a tree.
sort of meaning in it, and yet it was certainly English. 'I don't quite
somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four
something out of a bottle. They all made a rush at Alice the moment she
something like this:--
some time without interrupting it.
soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate gardeners, who ran
so closely against her foot, that there was hardly room to open her
sneezed occasionally; and as for the baby, it was sneezing and howling
snappishly. 'You're enough to try the patience of an oyster!'
slipped in like herself.
slate with one finger, as he found it made no mark; but he now hastily
skimming out, straight at the Footman's head: it just grazed his nose,
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice
size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that
sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came
sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange Adventures
simply--"Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might
silent.
silence, and then another confusion of voices--'Hold up his head--Brandy
sight, they were getting so far off). 'Oh, my poor little feet, I wonder
sighing.
shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only knew how to begin.'
shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change (she
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of
shouting 'Off with his head!' or 'Off with her head!' about once in a
shouldn't be hungry for it, you know.'
shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can't see you?'
should like to hear her try and repeat something now. Tell her to
should be free of them at last, they must needs come wriggling down from
short remarks, and she drew herself up and said, very gravely, 'I think,
she'll eat a little bird as soon as look at it!'
she went.
she went on, very much pleased at having found out a new kind of
she was up to her chin in salt water. Her first idea was that she
she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it might be
she was talking. 'How CAN I have done that?' she thought. 'I must
she was out of sight: then it chuckled. 'What fun!' said the Gryphon,
she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had
she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she
she waited patiently.
she tried to curtsey as she spoke--fancy CURTSEYING as you're falling
she thought, and looked into its eyes again, to see if there were any
she thought of herself, 'I wish the creatures wouldn't be so easily
she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough, under
she spoke.
she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at the
she said to herself, and shouted out, 'You'd better not do that again!'
she remembered having seen in her brother's Latin Grammar, 'A mouse--of
she passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great
she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words
she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another
she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her
she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. It was the White
she had someone to listen to her. The Cat seemed to think that there was
she had accidentally upset the week before.
she felt a little nervous about this; 'for it might end, you know,' said
she fell past it.
she could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches, and
sharp little chin into Alice's shoulder as she added, 'and the moral
shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen
shape doesn't matter,' it said,) and then all the party were placed
shall only look up and say "Who am I then? Tell me that first, and then,
severity; 'it's very rude.'
set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. Her chin was pressed
set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath, and
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
serpents! There's no pleasing them!'
sentence of execution.'
sentence first!'
seen them so often, of course you know what they're like.'
seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting out of the room
seemed to be no chance of this, so she began looking at everything about
see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen, and
see whether it's marked "poison" or not'; for she had read several nice
see what would happen next.
see what was the matter with it. There could be no doubt that it had
see its meaning.
see if she could have been changed for any of them.
sea. The master was an old Turtle--we used to call him Tortoise--'
sea-shore--'
sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row
sea of green leaves that lay far below her.
scream of laughter. 'Oh, hush!' the Rabbit whispered in a frightened
scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her: then,
says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!' cried Alice in a sorrowful
saying, in a solemn tone, 'For the Duchess. An invitation from the Queen
saying, 'Thank you, sir, for your interesting story,' but she could
saying to herself 'This is Bill,' she gave one sharp kick, and waited to
saying to herself 'Suppose it should be raving mad after all! I almost
saying anything more till the Pigeon had finished.
say--that's the same thing, you know.'
saw the White Rabbit. She was a little nervous about it just at first,
savage when they met in the kitchen.
sat down and cried.
same when I got up this morning? I almost think I can remember feeling a
same as they used to do:--
said, 'It was a treacle-well.'
said to herself; 'the March Hare will be much the most interesting, and
said to herself; 'his eyes are so VERY nearly at the top of his head.
said the Gryphon: and it set to work shaking him and punching him in
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice's, and
said Alice: 'three inches is such a wretched height to be.'
said Alice, seriously, 'I'll have nothing more to do with you. Mind
said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to it; but
said 'No, never') '--so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a
safe in a thick wood.
running down his cheeks, he went on again:--
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
rule, 'and vinegar that makes them sour--and camomile that makes
round, she found this a very difficult question. However, at last she
round it, panting, and asking, 'But who has won?'
rope--Will the roof bear?--Mind that loose slate--Oh, it's coming
roof off.' After a minute or two, they began moving about again, and
ringlets, and mine doesn't go in ringlets at all; and I'm sure I can't
righthand bit again, and did not venture to go near the house till she
right word) '--but I shall have to ask them what the name of the country
right height to rest her chin upon Alice's shoulder, and it was an
ridiculous fashion.' And he got up very sulkily and crossed over to the
resting in the shade: however, the moment they saw her, they hurried
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
replied; 'and then the different branches of Arithmetic--Ambition,
replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather offended tone,
repeated, aloud.
repeated her question. 'Why did they live at the bottom of a well?'
remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days.
remembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands, and
remedies--'
remarked, 'If you can't be civil, you'd better finish the story for
remark, with variations. 'I shall sit here,' he said, 'on and off, for
remark that had made the whole party look so grave and anxious.)
remained some time after the rest of it had gone.
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
regular rule: you invented it just now.'
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
reduced the answer to shillings and pence.
redistribution.
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
reason is--' here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his eyes.--'Tell her
real Mary Ann, and be turned out of the house before she had found the
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
rather shyly, 'I--I hardly know, sir, just at present--at least I know
rather sharply; 'I advise you to leave off this minute!' She generally
rather a handsome pig, I think.' And she began thinking over other
railway,' she said to herself. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
rabbits. I almost wish I hadn't gone down that rabbit-hole--and yet--and
rabbit-hole under the hedge.
quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes she heard
questions of eating and drinking.
question, you know.'
question is, what?'
queer, won't you?'
queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair that
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
quarrelled last March--just before HE went mad, you know--' (pointing
puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the subject.
putting things!'
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
proposal.
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.
presents to one's own feet! And how odd the directions will look!
presented the thimble, saying 'We beg your acceptance of this elegant
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org),
possibly hear you.' And certainly there was a most extraordinary noise
pool, 'and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her paws and
poker will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your
pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it every now and then,
pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had
plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was
pleased to have got into a conversation.
players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and
plate with the name 'W. RABBIT' engraved upon it. She went in without
place, with a little house in it about four feet high. 'Whoever lives
pitied him deeply. 'What is his sorrow?' she asked the Gryphon, and the
picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
perhaps as this is May it won't be raving mad--at least not so mad as
perhaps after all it might tell her something worth hearing. For some
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
perfectly idiotic!' And she opened the door and went in.
people in all walks of life.
people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each
passion. She had already heard her sentence three of the players to be
particular state visit http://pglaf.org
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
painting them red. Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she went
page at http://pglaf.org
pack, she could not tell whether they were gardeners, or soldiers, or
over!'
over their heads. She felt very curious to know what it was all about,
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
over all the children she knew that were of the same age as herself, to
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
out with his nose, you know?'
out that the cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she dropped
out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to her
out here? Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan!
out as loud as she could, 'If you do. I'll set Dinah at you!'
out 'The Queen! The Queen!' and the three gardeners instantly threw
our house I should like to show you! A little bright-eyed terrier, you
otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a
others.
others all joined in chorus, 'Yes, please do!' but the Mouse only shook
other; however, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
other: the only difficulty was, that her flamingo was gone across to the
other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had
other side, the puppy made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head
other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a helpless
other side of the court.
ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution--once more the pig-baby
or two, it was as much as she could do to hold it.
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
or Longitude I've got to?' (Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or
opportunities to fix the problem.
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!'
only took the regular course.'
only too glad to do so.
only changing the order of the words a little, 'From the Queen. An
only been the right size to do it! Oh dear! I'd nearly forgotten that
oneself speak--and they don't seem to have any rules in particular;
one way up as the other.'
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
one hand and a large fan in the other: he came trotting along in a great
one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool in
one elbow against the door, and the other arm curled round her head.
one corner of it: 'No room! No room!' they cried out when they saw Alice
on.'
on. Her listeners were perfectly quiet till she got to the part about
on. 'Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?'
on, as she heard the Queen's voice in the distance, screaming with
on the table. 'Nothing can be clearer than THAT. Then again--"BEFORE SHE
on the song, 'I'd have said to the porpoise, "Keep back, please: we
on better.'
officers: but the Hatter was out of sight before the officer could get
offended!'
off, without waiting for the end of the song.
off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought
off, and had just begun to dream that she was walking hand in hand with
of very little use, as it left no mark on the slate.
of tiny white kid gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the gloves,
of things--I can't remember half of them--and it belongs to a farmer,
of things at all, as the game was in such confusion that she never knew
of them.' In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put
of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to herself 'Now I
of the trees under which she had been wandering, when a sharp hiss made
of the house!' (Which was very likely true.)
of the ground.' So she tucked it away under her arm, that it might not
of the edge with each hand.
of the court, 'Bring me the list of the singers in the last concert!' on
of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock Turtle's
of the March Hare: she thought it must be the right house, because the
of tears, 'I do wish they WOULD put their heads down! I am so VERY tired
of swimming about here, O Mouse!' (Alice thought this must be the right
of such a rule at processions; 'and besides, what would be the use of
of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
of lodging houses, and behind them a railway station.) However, she soon
of killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as
of him), while the rest waited in silence. At last the Dodo said,
of hers that you have just been reading about; and when she had
of her little sister's dream.
of everything I've said as yet.'
of course?'
of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and hot
of being all alone here!'
of THAT is--"Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time
occasional exclamation of 'Hjckrrh!' from the Gryphon, and the constant
obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and this was
nurse! But I've got to see that the mouse doesn't get out." Only I don't
number of executions the Queen had ordered.
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
nowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her swim in
now? That'll be a comfort, one way--never to be an old woman--but
now--Don't choke him--How was it, old fellow? What happened to you? Tell
now!' The poor little thing sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible
now! How puzzling all these changes are! I'm never sure what I'm going
now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden
now for the garden!' and she ran with all speed back to the little door:
now and then; such as, 'Sure, I don't like it, yer honour, at all, at
noticing her. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying the King's
notice this last remark.
nothing.
nothing, being fast asleep.
nothing written on the OUTSIDE.' He unfolded the paper as he spoke, and
nothing better to say than his first remark, 'It was the BEST butter,
not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to speak first, 'why
not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly not becoming.
not help thinking there MUST be more to come, so she sat still and said
not got into it), and handed them round as prizes. There was exactly one
not going to do THAT in a hurry. 'No, I'll look first,' she said, 'and
nobody, which isn't usual, you know.'
nobody in particular. 'She'd soon fetch it back!'
no toys to play with, and oh! ever so many lessons to learn! No, I've
nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom, and raised herself to
next! As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they COULD! I'm
next to her. 'I can hardly breathe.'
never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch
nervous manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went by without
neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she
neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. She had
nearly out of sight, he said in a deep voice, 'What are tarts made of?'
nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other,
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
nearer to watch them, and just as she came up to them she heard one of
name like an honest man.'
name 'Alice!'
myself, you see.'
myself about you: you must manage the best way you can;--but I must be
my tea when I was sent for.'
my own. I'm a hatter.'
my life!'
my fur and whiskers! She'll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
mushroom, and her eyes immediately met those of a large caterpillar,
mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as it went,
murder to leave it behind?' She said the last words out loud, and the
muddle their slates'll be in before the trial's over!' thought Alice.
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the passage
moved.
moved into the Dormouse's place, and Alice rather unwillingly took
mouth; but she did it at last, and managed to swallow a morsel of the
mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness--you know you say
more if you'd rather not.'
moment, I tell you!' But she went on all the same, shedding gallons of
moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle again; then
moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves,
moment like a wild beast, screamed 'Off with her head! Off--'
moment Five, who had been anxiously looking across the garden, called
minutes it puffed away without speaking, but at last it unfolded its
minute.
minute or two, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of adding, 'You're
minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly marched off after the
mice in the air, I'm afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that's very
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
memorandum of the fact.
meaning in it.'
matter much,' thought Alice, 'as all the arches are gone from this side
many more than three.'
many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud. 'I must be getting
makes them so shiny?'
makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door; so either way I'll
make me smaller, I suppose.'
make THEIR eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even
made up my mind about it; if I'm Mabel, I'll stay down here! It'll be no
made out that she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when she
lying on the glass table as before, 'and things are worse than ever,'
lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a violent shake at the end of
loud.
looking for it, while the rest of the party went back to the game.
looking for eggs, I know THAT well enough; and what does it matter to me
looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her:
looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more
long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it.
long as there was room for her.
lonely and low-spirited. In a little while, however, she again heard
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
living would be like, but it puzzled her too much, so she went on: 'But
little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely
little thing grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).
little histories about children who had got burnt, and eaten up by wild
little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!
little different. But if I'm not the same, the next question is, Who
little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all directions, 'just
little chin.
little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into her
listen, the whole place around her became alive with the strange creatures
likely it can talk: at any rate, there's no harm in trying.' So she
liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over. However,
like them raw.'
