ignorant little girl she'll think me for asking! No, it'll never do to
Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the
little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!
would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh, how I wish I could
There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went
time she found a little bottle on it, ('which certainly was not here
It was all very well to say 'Drink me,' but the wise little Alice was
little histories about children who had got burnt, and eaten up by wild
through the little door into that lovely garden. First, however, she
she felt a little nervous about this; 'for it might end, you know,' said
door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she
and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing
Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, 'Which way? Which
sight, they were getting so far off). 'Oh, my poor little feet, I wonder
now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden
After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
little different. But if I'm not the same, the next question is, Who
very little! Besides, SHE'S she, and I'm I, and--oh dear, how puzzling
Mabel! I'll try and say "How doth the little--"' and she crossed her
     'How doth the little crocodile
     And welcome little fishes in
I shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to
that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little white kid gloves while
now for the garden!' and she ran with all speed back to the little door:
but, alas! the little door was shut again, and the little golden key was
Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way
inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little eyes,
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: 'There is such a nice little dog near
our house I should like to show you! A little bright-eyed terrier, you
its head impatiently, and walked a little quicker.
YOUR temper!' 'Hold your tongue, Ma!' said the young Crab, a little
she'll eat a little bird as soon as look at it!'
lonely and low-spirited. In a little while, however, she again heard
a little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up
the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door,
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table
and was just going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a little
I'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!'
Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass,
TWO little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. 'What a number of
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices
I THINK I can kick a little!'
till she heard a little animal (she couldn't guess of what sort it was)
Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, ('That's Bill,' thought
for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the
little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into her
the door, she ran out of the house, and found quite a crowd of little
animals and birds waiting outside. The poor little Lizard, Bill, was
the trees, a little sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a
feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch her. 'Poor little thing!'
Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and
little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely
'And yet what a dear little puppy it was!' said Alice, as she leant
after that into a butterfly, I should think you'll feel it a little
Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar's making such VERY
'And now which is which?' she said to herself, and nibbled a little of
except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.
'I--I'm a little girl,' said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered
contempt. 'I've seen a good many little girls in my time, but never ONE
child; 'but little girls eat eggs quite as much as serpents do, you
whether you're a little girl or a serpent?'
place, with a little house in it about four feet high. 'Whoever lives
and crept a little way out of the wood to listen.
only changing the order of the words a little, 'From the Queen. An
'Please would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, for she was
an opportunity of showing off a little of her knowledge. 'Just think of
   'Speak roughly to your little boy,
the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing howled so,
little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all directions, 'just
like a star-fish,' thought Alice. The poor little thing was snorting
little thing grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).
now!' The poor little thing sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible
So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to see
was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a
whether it would like the name: however, it only grinned a little wider.
Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not
Alice considered a little, and then said 'The fourth.'
'The Dormouse is asleep again,' said the Hatter, and he poured a little
     "Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
'Once upon a time there were three little sisters,' the Dormouse began
go on. 'And so these three little sisters--they were learning to draw,
a little shriek, and went on: '--that begins with an M, such as
Once more she found herself in the long hall, and close to the little
and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that
then she walked down the little passage: and THEN--she found herself at
'Would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, 'why you are painting
the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came
'She boxed the Queen's ears--' the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
escape again, and went back for a little more conversation with her
She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a little
the conversation a little.
sharp little chin into Alice's shoulder as she added, 'and the moral
little chin.
feel a little worried.
sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came
'When we were little,' the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly,
though still sobbing a little now and then, 'we went to school in the
'With extras?' asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously.
This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a little
'Would you like to see a little of it?' said the Mock Turtle.
 '"Will you walk a little faster?" said a whiting to a snail.
Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she gave her
Alice a little timidly: 'but it's no use going back to yesterday,
saw the White Rabbit. She was a little nervous about it just at first,
arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts of little
it: for she thought, and rightly too, that very few little girls of her
that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out
of very little use, as it left no mark on the slate.
the White Rabbit read out, at the top of his shrill little voice, the
the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing was waving its
As soon as the jury had a little recovered from the shock of being
as she spoke. (The unfortunate little Bill had left off writing on his
her: she gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all her
First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the tiny
queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair that
of her little sister's dream.
Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers
childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and